{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Pussy Prayers 1 Pussy Prayers A JUICY JUJU GUIDE Sacred and Sensual Rituals for Wild Women of Color by Anika Tene Rich for BlackGirlBliss.com Pussy Prayers 2 Published and distributed by Eleven25, LLC www.eleven25.co Copyright \uc0\u61667  2017. All Rights Reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced by any process or recording, nor may it be stored, transmitted, or otherwise copied for public or private use (other than \'93fair use\'94 as brief quotations for articles and reviews) without prior written consent of the publisher. This book is written to set you on the journey to sacred and sensual empowerment. This book does not provide any medical advice or treatment of medical or emotional issues. Use of the techniques outlined in this book assumes personal responsibility on behalf of the reader/practitioner, not on the author or publisher. 1 st Edition, October 2017 Pussy Prayers 3 Dedication For every black, brown, mixed, freckled, hued, tea-stained, sun-kissed, magical, melanin-filled woman, past, present, and future, across all places, spaces, times, and dimensions: May we always be a reflection of divinity. May we remember our beauty, our worth, and our power. And may we always pray with - and for - our pussies. All of my love, Anika Tene Rich Creator of BlackGirlBliss.com Founder of Eleven25, LLC Pussy Prayers 4 Contents I. Introduction II. Attention, Please! III. Reclamation IV. Juicy Juju V. Living Juicy: Everyday Deliciousness VI. Keeping Company VII. Conclusion Pussy Prayers 5 I Introduction Pussy. Pussy. Pussy. How does this word make you feel? Are you turned-on? Intrigued? Irritated? Downright disgusted? All these feelings are valid, so it\'92s better to get these things out in the open here at the beginning, rather than to find yourself halfway through the book to realize this isn\'92t for you. Pussy. This is the term I will be using to refer to the creative space Pussy Prayers 6 between your thighs. You might call it yoni, coochie, cookie, box, cat, #WetWet, #GoodGood, or vagina (though that\'92s only part of what\'92s there). You might even have given her a woman\'92s name, like Janet (Ms. Jackson, if you\'92re nasty). I like using the word pussy. Why? Because it\'92s a \'93bad\'94 word. It\'92s irreverent. It\'92s unladylike. It\'92s shocking. But the use of the word pussy is not vulgarity for vulgarity\'92s sake. Words we\'92ve been taught are bad or naughty or nasty are usually words that carry tremendous power (whether that power is positive or negative is for you to decide). These types of words capture your attention immediately (it made you decide to read this book, didn\'92t it?) and whether you want to or not, you typically remember exactly what was said. Pussy Prayers 7 On Using \'93Bad\'94 Words So-called \'93foul language\'94 does something to our brains that makes us perk up. When it comes out of our mouths, it is usually emphatic. It makes a point clear, leaving no room for doubt about exactly what you meant. Admit it, when you use a word that has this kind of power, it feels good. Naughty. Sexy. It makes you and other people giggle, smirk, or blush. That sexy, powerful feeling is what we\'92re after. That feeling should be the way we walk through our daily lives, standing in our feminine power and quite literally creating lives that bring us more of what we want. I\'92ll be using the word pussy to describe not only the entire physical vulvovaginal area (including the pubic mound, labia, clitoris, urethra, and vagina) but also to include the space within Pussy Prayers 8 yourself where manifestations are conjured and birthed from. I will try my best to refrain from using the term \'93womb\'94 simply because not everyone has one and it alludes to physical birth which is not exactly what we\'92re discussing here. What You\'92ll Learn Here In this book, I will teach you to harness your innate divinity, your holy femininity, through the positive attention, praise, and reverence of your pussy. Together, we will tackle the historic perpetuation of shame and negligence of our bodies, reclamation of your body through powerful intention, and show you how connecting to the universal Divine Feminine will help you to lead a delicious, juicy, juju-filled life of pleasure. Pussy Prayers 9 This feminine power is what gives us the confidence and charm to ease our way into everything we desire. It is also the power that allows us to love ourselves, love other women, and allow other women to lavish their love upon us. This power allows us to know ourselves intimately so that we can share ourselves with another, and also know when we should absolutely stay away from something that is not good for us. I will share my own stories and experiences in this book in hopes that you find resonance, relief, and much-needed laughter around topics that can often be heavy, traumatic, or depressing. As a creator of spaces and content that center on spirituality, sexuality, and self-care, and as someone who is self-taught about her body or her feminine power, it is my mission to curate and deliver this divine Pussy Prayers 10 knowledge so that anyone who comes across this book, my websites, or attends any of my events walks away enchanted and transformed, fully committed to themselves and their pleasure, and more deeply connected to the sacred, sensual knowing inside all of us. We are sisters, creators, magical juju mamas entitled to \'96 literally wired for \'96 pleasure. Our pleasure is the game changer, the one thing that is required to achieve our highest feminine potential. Whether you believe yet or not, you deserve pleasure, you are allowed pleasure, and by the end of this book, I hope that you understand how to curate and cultivate pleasure in every aspect of your life. Pussy Prayers 11 Things to Note As you read through this book, understand that you are not required to read this book in order. This book can be used as a reference guide, allowing you to flip over to any section and find what you need. If you really want to have fun, try opening this book to any page without looking and see what comes up. There is no need to overwhelm or inundate yourself with information. Ideas may be repeated across chapters for emphasis and reminder, so don\'92t think that you\'92ll miss anything by not reading this book cover to cover. Let the Universe guide you to where you need to be. This book is written for Black women because throughout time and across the African diaspora, we have been forced to disconnect from our bodies for Pussy Prayers 12 survival. While I\'92m sure that any woman could find this book useful and is welcome to take what they can from it (just like Black women have had to do each time we venture into the all-white personal development and pleasure education spaces since time immemorial), this book covers common experiences and practices unique to Black women. The language used in this book will be most familiar to Black women because I have written this in the same tone in which I would talk to a friend or sister. This is not discriminatory nor is it exclusive. It is, quite simply, unapologetically specific. I also want you to understand that your divine right to exist in a constant state of pleasure does not mean that you do not or should not feel the entire range of emotions. One of the most magical parts of womanhood is the way we can Pussy Prayers 13 move about the emotional spectrum at a moment\'92s notice. People out of tune with our true nature will call us \'93erratic\'94 or \'93crazy\'94 when really, we\'92re just a natural as the wind, the water, and the earth. All of nature\'92s elements present aspects of beauty, elegance, purity, and pace. Nature\'92s elements also present aspects of chaos, anger, barrenness, and destruction. We are made of earth and stars and therefore are capable of all of their attributes. These emotions are natural, and they feel damn good when we get to express them the way we want. Even in these moments, we find a way back to pleasure. Another thing to note about this book is that at times it will refer to sexual abuse and trauma. I encourage anyone who has a history of these experiences to seek professional help in the ways that best help Pussy Prayers 14 you to process these events. This book will provide personal and spiritual practices that you can take part in but they should not be used to replace therapy or spiritual counseling if these experiences cause overwhelming or debilitating mental and emotional responses. Rethink Womanhood I want this book to completely reorganize and redefine the way you express and experience your womanhood. Through the reclamation of your pussy, the divine portal through which all manifestations are birthed, I want you to learn how to truly connect with that which you desire. I want you to have all the tools you need to create a life around your dreams and your passions, as opposed to impositions and obligations. This might Pussy Prayers 15 feel strange to you, letting your desires run the show. At times, this book may conjure up feelings of shame, doubt, and anxiety. This may feel frivolous, even irresponsible. That\'92s okay. Please don\'92t beat yourself up over this. These feelings are not your fault. They are the fault of the patriarchal society in which we were taught what it meant to be a woman. The patriarchy only exists because so many women have had to dim their light to allow their man to shine, suffer abuse at the hands of men intimidated by their power, and made to feel incompetent by men inconvenienced by feminine brilliance. Women globally have taken on the sexist and patriarchal values upheld across societies, and unlearning these values takes time and patience. When these negative feelings come up for you, remind yourself of your true nature, your Pussy Prayers 16 divine birthright, and your Goddess-given power to get you back on track. Over the course of this book, or as you flip back and forth as you see fit, I would like you to consider what I like to call Pressure Points \'96 questions that tend to evoke a range of emotional responses depending on where you are in your relationship with the divine feminine and your own pussy. Take a moment to jot your responses to these questions down in a journal or in the Notes app on your phone, or a document on your computer, anywhere that will allow these responses to be kept private and you will be able to view and update your responses as you move through the book. By the end, you should be able to see your progress through your updated responses to these Pressure Points. Are you ready? Pussy Prayers 17 Pressure Points 1. Who taught you about what it meant to be a woman? When did you learn it and how did it make you feel about womanhood? 2. What is \'93feminine\'94 in your own words? Do you feel feminine? Why or why not? 3. Do you enjoy being a woman? Have you always enjoyed womanhood? Explain. 4. Is there a presence of divine femininity in your life, whether through your own personal spiritual practice or an organized religion? How does this feminine presence (or lack thereof) influence your ideas of femininity and womanhood? Pussy Prayers 18 You will notice that these Pressure Points are spiritual in nature. That is because the way that you understand spirituality and divinity directly impact the way that you understand yourself. Thousands of years ago when pussies were revered as holy and women were honored as oracles, priestesses, healers, and goddesses, you can imagine the impact that had on girls coming into womanhood in those societies. Women were seen as powerful, as necessary, as divine beings to be worshipped. Conversely, once indigenous goddess traditions were criminalized and replaced with patriarchal religions, you can imagine what happens to a girl who is raised to only see the masculine as divine and holy and worthy of worship while women are presented as unclean, tempting, feeble-minded, unable Pussy Prayers 19 to care for herself, beneath man and subject to his self-imposed authority. You are Here for a Reason The fact that you have this book implies that you are already releasing the patriarchal restrictions on womanhood that you were most likely raised with. The fact that you have this book is proof that you are searching for truth. When we begin our journey back to ourselves (and we all begin this journey regardless of how we were raised) we tend to look outside of ourselves for answers. We look for books, divinations, communities, online platforms, and anything else that might help us piece together an identity that better resonates with who we know we really are on some level. You may have found yourself at some point seeking to Pussy Prayers 20 soothe your anxieties and longing for understanding or repress your mixed emotions through food, sex, drugs, alcohol, and other vices. You may have noticed issues with your reproductive system as you are on this journey of truly understanding your womanhood. You may feel like you are barely holding all together, surviving instead of thriving. You may find yourself constantly comparing yourself and your life to other women and finding fault with them or yourself. Understand that this is common, and it is not permanent. You have taken the first steps. Everything that you seek is within you, and all you need is that right tools to help you excavate all the best parts of yourself. It will take work, and it will take patience, but you will get there and it will be glorious. Be gentle with yourself, remain open, take responsibility for Pussy Prayers 21 yourself and our life, and move forward with the intention that you will rediscover all that was missing from your life. You will find acceptance, forgiveness, stability, discernment, safety, confidence, clarity, connection, truth, and freedom. Get ready for major change, baby. We\'92re just getting started. Pussy Prayers 22 II Attention, Please! Who taught you about your body? Did they teach you freedom or inhibition? Did they empower your bodily autonomy or did they demand your chastity? Did they explain to you the connection between the body and the spirit, or were the two concepts completely separate? What did they teach you about pleasure? Learning Womanhood Unless you were born to a tapped-in, turned-on, sexually liberated mama, chances are that your sexuality was one of Pussy Prayers 23 the first taboos you ever knew. Somebody probably popped your hand if you reached between your legs between diaper changes. Someone probably taught you to \'93cover up\'94 in front of male family members and friends before you even really knew the difference between male and female bodies. As you got older, you probably realized that the way you felt was not valued, and you were taught only to think and do as you were told. If anyone talked to you about your changing body, your menstrual cycle, or sex, they probably did not go into much detail, if any, about what womanhood is and what it means to be in touch with your feminine power. Instead, if anyone spoke to you at all, it was probably along the lines of warning you against being \'93fast\'94 and not to bring home any babies. And unless you were brave, you probably never thought to Pussy Prayers 24 try to get a good look at the parts between your legs, let alone spend too much time touching down there. No doubt, you probably never knew that pleasure was your birthright. If your family was religious, then there was an entirely new layer to this repression of feminine power. Patriarchal religious dogma teaches us to remain covered, virginal, and pure. Your body is but a vessel through which you serve God, sacrificing sinful worldly pleasure with the promise of paradise in the afterlife. Women were to remain humble and were most often unclean or somehow defiled but \'93by His grace\'94 some man agrees to marry her so that she can fulfill her sole duty of bearing children. Pussy Prayers 25 Historical Trauma In the Black community, we often find humor and connection in such synchronicities across families and households. It\'92s almost as if we were all raised by the same people. Where did our parents get this stuff from? And more importantly, why didn\'92t they better equip us to live healthy spiritual and sexual lives as female-bodied people? It can be assumed that many of these repressed beliefs stemmed from the enslavement of African people in America. In a time and place where women had no autonomy over their bodies, where their daughters or they themselves could be taken, forced, and ravaged at the will of white plantation owners, our foremothers developed ways to cope and survive and keep their Pussy Prayers 26 daughters safe as best they could. We honor and thank them for their love and protection across time and space, as we understand that they were doing the best they knew how in this foreign land. However, the direction to cover, diminish, and remove the temptation of your womanliness has led to pervasive shame and disconnection from our bodies to this day. We allow things to happen to us because we are taught to be meek, not to make waves, not to cause trouble and that our bodies (and essentially our personhood) belong to whatever man is in our life. The Danger in Disassociating To disassociate from our bodies is to disassociate from our Goddess-given power. To defer the autonomy of our Pussy Prayers 27 bodies to our fathers or husbands is to defer to the ideas and direction of these men instead of learning to listen to our own internal guidance. In this disassociation, our pussies have gone ignored and our birthright to pleasure gone unknown. But we are waking up. Women everywhere have suddenly noticed the lack, realized the need to define ourselves for ourselves, and have gone looking for ourselves, entirely unsure of what we may find. Thank Goddess for the Internet! How else would we be able to get back in touch with the innate feminine wisdom we were born with but forced to forget? Facebook groups abound and Amazon carts overflow with remnants of this knowledge that we so desperately seek. This knowledge has never been thoroughly recorded all in one book, and while this book makes an attempt at providing fundamental practices Pussy Prayers 28 to realign with who you really are the fact remains that this will not be a one-stop shop. In fact, there is only one place that has all the knowledge you seek, and she\'92s sitting with you right now, just below your belly, above your knees, and between your thighs\'85.and she\'92d like to say hello. Self-Taught Sex Ed My own journey to owning my power through my pussy started at quite a young age. I was about eight years old when I decided I want to get a good look at my pussy. I was a latchkey kid, so I had about three solid hours of alone time at home to do whatever I wanted. I was (and still am) an avid reader, and spent most of my free time reading, writing stories, or watching TV. I loved magazines. My mom got me my own subscriptions to issues of Pussy Prayers 29 CosmoGirl, Girl\'92s Life, and Seventeen, and I just knew that one day my name would be listed on the masthead as an editor or designer. One day, I saw my mother\'92s basket of magazines and wanted to know what was so different about grown-up magazines and kid magazines. I plopped down on the living room floor and grabbed a stack of glossy zines to review. I don\'92t remember if it was Ebony, or Essence, or Jet, but I know it was a magazine with a beautiful Black woman on the cover. Towards the bottom of the cover, I saw a word in big, bold purple letters: SEX. I wasn\'92t clear on what sex was at that point, but I knew it was something I should not be reading about at my age. One of my earliest memories is being reprimanded for saying the word \'93sex\'94 as I played pretend in the living room. Pussy Prayers 30 Naturally, with no threat of punishment at this moment, I flipped right over to the page to find out what this sex thing was all about. Whatever the article was about went right over my head but I never forgot that this was the first time I saw the word \'93vagina\'94 in print. I knew what a vagina was\'85vaguely. I knew I had one, and I knew that I had to take extra care to clean inside it during my bath. I knew there were some sensitive parts down there (as I had discovered during bath time) but touching these parts didn\'92t resonate as pleasure. It was just weird and I didn\'92t particularly care for it. The grown-ups in this magazine though, they seemed to be really interested in their vaginas. There was a part of the article that said to take a hand mirror and put it between your legs so that you could see what your vagina looked like. Looked like? I never Pussy Prayers 31 thought there might be anything to look at. I checked the clock. Still about an hour before my mom was due home. Plenty of time to try out this mirror thing. I put all the magazines back in the basket and went searching our little apartment for a hand mirror to no avail. Creative as I was, I went into the bathroom and realized that the large mirror covered the wall and ended where the bathroom counter began. I could stand on the counter and see my entire little body from head to toe. I had the idea that if I sat up on the counter without my pants, faced the mirror, leaned back and spread my legs, I could get a full view of my pussy. I was astounded. It was like a whole universe in there! I remember thinking it reminded me of the moon, with its hills and holes and crevices. I stared and poked and prodded until I tired of leaning back Pussy Prayers 32 on the hard counter. \'93Wow,\'94 I thought to myself. \'93So that\'92s a vagina. Huh. A pretty fancy thing just to pee out of.\'94 I had no concept of what it was for other than that. I was fully indifferent to that space between my legs. It was what it was, and if it did something special then mine must have been broken. It would be a few years before I revisited my pussy again. I remember my first instance of shame around my pussy. Not long after I had discovered my pussy for myself, I was with my mother at a hotel we were staying at while we traveled. I came out of the bathroom after a shower and, not yet having any qualms about nudity at all, dropped my towel in front of my mother and began the process of getting ready for bed. My mother had been on the phone with her best friend at the time, and scared me to death when she yelled: \'93WHAT Pussy Prayers 33 THE HELL?!\'94 I turned to look at her, terrified that maybe I had done something wrong, or she had seen something that I needed to get away from, like a bug or a mouse. Before I could ask her what was wrong, she announced to me (and her friend on the phone) \'93THERE\'92S HAIR ON YOUR BOO-BOO!\'94 \'93Boo-boo\'94 was the baby term my mom taught me instead of vagina, but I let her think I didn\'92t know what vagina was. I didn\'92t want to have that conversation. And I wasn\'92t sure I was ready to have this one. Hair? Well yeah\'85.there was hair. I thought nothing of it. I\'92m a hairy girl. I have hair all over my body, including my chest, feet, fingers, and toes (as an adult, I can see this was probably the onset of the hormonal issues I would encounter just a couple of years later). Anyway, my mother was freaking out and telling her friend about my pubic Pussy Prayers 34 hair. She made me lay down on the bed so she could get a better look (and describe it to her friend on the phone). \'93How long has this been here?\'94 she asked urgently. I honestly didn\'92t know. Seemed like it just showed up one day. I didn\'92t think to mark the date. I\'92m eight. years. old. My mother continued examining my body and relaying the information to her friend. As I lie there waiting for it to be over, I felt my face get hot. I was embarrassed. I felt like I had done something wrong. I felt like something was wrong with my body. After that, tread carefully around other girls my age. I felt different. I felt ashamed of my body. It must have been doing something that none of the other girl\'92s bodies did. This was probably the extent of the conversation my mother ever had with me about my body, and thus began the resentment of my pussy. It only worsened Pussy Prayers 35 when I got my first period at age 10, on the first day of middle school. Of all the days in a tween girl\'92s life, why did my first period and my first day of middle school have to fall on the same day? My periods were heavy, lasted more than a week, and came with debilitating cramps and nausea. I felt like my pussy was only there to cause me pain, embarrassment, and inconvenience. About two years later, the topic of sex came up again. I was interested as I heard my classmates begin to talk about sexual things they had done with other classmates. I had no way of knowing if these stories were true, but it sounded cool. Here at age 12 was the first time I was propositioned for sex. It wasn\'92t the first time I had received sexual attention, as my booty and breasts made their debut in elementary school. But this was the first Pussy Prayers 36 time a boy had explicitly stated his desire to have sex with me. Sex? Still wasn\'92t clear on the concept. Still wasn\'92t thrilled with my pussy. I ignored both the proposition and my pussy for a while longer until one day I saw a new bold word on the front of one of my mother\'92s magazines \'96 orgasm. What...what is that? What does that even mean? As luck would have it, I still had plenty of alone time after school and the magazine article provided step by step instructions on how to have an orgasm by yourself in various ways. Though still out of touch with my pussy, it sounded like a fun thing to try while I had the time and the privacy. I decided to try the method that required me to get into the bathtub, lay on my back, and let the water from the faucet crash down over the area I learned was called a clitoris (this was also my first Pussy Prayers 37 experience clearing the browsing history on the house computer. I had to Google a lot of strange things to figure this one out). So, I do it. I\'92m lying there, water running, trying to figure out how I was going to explain my wet hair to my mother when such an overwhelming feeling of pleasure bubbled up inside me that I thought I was going to explode. Wave after wave of water and incredible energy crashed over my body until I realized I was curled up in the fetal position, half submerged in the tub, and I was out of breath. What Just. Happened?! What did my body just do? Was that normal? I had no way of knowing. I assumed that I had experienced my first orgasm. From that day on, I knew I needed way more of that and often. Still, I had no real connection with my pussy. I knew now what it could Pussy Prayers 38 do, but I wasn\'92t particularly interested in it otherwise. The same year I learned to orgasm would end up being the same year I began to experience sexual abuse at the hands of male family members. The year after that would be when I had sex for the first time and the year that my period stopped. It had been perfectly regular, month after month, and then\'85nothing. In a panic, I told my mother that I hadn\'92t gotten my period. I feared the worst \'96 pregnancy. I had known one pregnant seventh grader at my school. She was asked to leave school because she was a deemed a distraction. I couldn\'92t have that happen to me. My mother had no reason to assume this was the reason for my disappearing period so she scheduled a doctor\'92s appointment for me. \'93You haven\'92t been having sex, have you?\'94 asked Pussy Prayers 39 the doctor in front of my mother. My mother had refused to leave the room during this line of questioning, even at the doctor\'92s request. I told her I hadn\'92t as I felt my mother\'92s eyes burning a hole in the side of my face. The doctor, a tall and broad Black woman, announced that she would be conducting a pregnancy test just in case, but that the most likely cause for my period stopping was PCOS \'96 Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome. She didn\'92t give me too many details about it except that it could only be proven through a checklist of symptoms (one of which is extra hair growth, surprise, surprise) or an ultrasound. After checking off almost every symptom on the list, the doctor simply said \'93Well, you will probably just have an irregular period, and you can take birth control pills to regulate it. You might Pussy Prayers 40 have trouble having children later on, but birth control can regulate that too.\'94 And with that, the doctor excused herself from the room. I wasn\'92t pregnant. That was good to know. But here I was with a dysfunctional pussy, yet another reason to resent this awful mess between my legs. At that point I remember thinking that all my pussy was good for was getting attention, having sex and having orgasms. It was an object for pleasure outside of myself, not connected to me, but there anyway. I carried this notion throughout my teen years as I used my pussy as an object for sex. It wasn\'92t enjoyable. Sex was painful for me, physically and emotionally. My willingness to fulfill the desires of my male classmates and some men much older made me feel worthy and functional outside of myself in a way that I did not Pussy Prayers 41 feel inside. I still carried the shame that something was wrong with my body, with my pussy, and that other girls were normal and I wasn\'92t. The shame coupled with the anxiety and depression that comes with PCOS made me disconnect from my body even more. On top of that, realizing that I found myself attracted to girls more than boys, I felt even more dysfunctional. I didn\'92t want to be seen. I didn\'92t want to be touched. I wanted to be comforted, to be loved, and to be told that I was okay, that I was normal. In an effort to make myself feel better, feel full of something, and to forget all of my anxieties, I began to binge eat in secret, skip school to smoke weed with my friends, and barely slept. This continued throughout high school and I watched myself balloon into a person I didn\'92t recognize. None of my clothes fit Pussy Prayers 42 anymore. My mother, kind as she is, attributed my ill-fitting fashions to the \'93cheap manufacturers\'94 or \'93the dryer running too hot and shrinking all the clothes\'94. I guess she didn\'92t want to admit that her little girl was quite a big girl. Looking back at my prom pictures, it is surprising that no one said anything to me about my rapid weight gain. Then again, I did grow up in the South, and since there were plenty of girls larger than I was, I was often considered \'93thick\'94 and therefore still attractive. No one realized I was trying to hide from them, that I still felt broken, that I dealt with anxiety and depression, that I had been a victim of abuse, and that I was only existing in my head, never in my body. It was soon after this that I found myself on the path that would lead me back to my divinity. I had no idea at the Pussy Prayers 43 time, but I would spend the next decade falling into an intimate communion with the Universe, getting to the root causes of my physical and emotional states, and realizing just how out of touch with my body I had become. I had to unpack all of the reasons why I had secluded myself into my head and covered myself with this protective layer. I had to come to the understanding of where my womanly power truly came from, and that in order to embrace that power, I had to reconnect with the epicenter of my being. You Are Not Alone I described the first part of my story here so that you might see some part of yourself in it. I want you to know that you are not alone in the things you did not know or the habits you may have had Pussy Prayers 44 before you learned better. If part of my past is your current reality, I hope that you do not feel exposed but in good company. We all start from somewhere, and at a certain point, our pussies have a way of leading us to exactly where we need to be to find our healing in divine timing. The fact that you are here means that your pussy is calling for your attention. Let her lead you to your reconciliation, the reclamation of your pleasure. Pussy Prayers 45 III Reclamation Reconnection to our feminine power requires the explicit recommitment and reclamation of our bodies. This begins with the understanding and remembrance of the fact that you are divine. You are the direct offspring of God and Goddess, a literal embodiment of the universe. This section of the book is meant to help you get back into your body, connect with your pussy, and prepare for a new life of #EverydayDeliciousness. Pussy Prayers 46 Tend to Your Garden Think of your body as a garden. You might be a garden that\'92s been forgotten and left to its own devices, overgrown, under-watered, and maybe a little scary. You might be a garden that\'92s been stretched beyond its limits, overworked and in need of rest. However, you have or haven\'92t been tending to your body, this section of the book is going to help you to clear everything out and start again so that you can begin to cultivate seeds of selflove and daily pleasure in your life. Before we bring in the new, we have to deal with the old. All that stuff that you haven\'92t dealt with or tried to forget needs to come up and out. Pussy Prayers 47 My Clearing Process My clearing process began when I was 20 years old. An older friend of mine had contacted a healer who specialized in womb saunas (also known as vaginal steaming). All this new age woo-woo stuff was fairly new to me at this point but it sounded intriguing so I decided to join in. Before beginning the process, I answered a few questions about my background, my health, and sexual experiences. When the day came for us to meet with the healer, she met us at my friend\'92s home. We conducted the womb sauna in my friend\'92s bedroom. Depending on our individual experiences and needs, a blend of herbs was crafted and placed in boiling water. The basin of hot water and herbs was placed underneath a chair with a hole in the seat. We were instructed to get Pussy Prayers 48 completely naked and sit on the seat, and we were then wrapped in a thick cape to keep the steam in and to keep us warm and covered. The healer then gave us crystals to hold in each hand, depending on the characteristics she felt we needed. This healer is also a psychic, and as we sat through our steaming we discussed various life events that affected our relationships with our pussies. It was here that I first spoke of my sexual abuse out loud and to another person. I was able to process the complicated emotions I had around being violated and my response to my trauma by engaging sexually with anyone who would have me. Through this process, the healer stated that the natural state of my pussy (she used the term \'93womb\'94) was one of joy. She also told me that my experiences would prepare me to be someone who worked on behalf of Pussy Prayers 49 women and sexuality. The exact term she used was \'93sex goddess\'94 which was absurd to me at the time. She gave us individual homework following our steam. My assignment was to write down every single sexual encounter that I had ever had, as far back as I could remember. By identifying these experiences, I could begin to process and release them. This was not a quick and dirty process. It took me months of listing names I could remember, leaving the list alone for a while, coming back to it when another name and experience came to mind. The more I allowed these experiences to be remembered, the more they seemed to come. Once I felt like I had finally finished the list, it was longer than I thought it should be for only 20 years of life. I spent some time sitting with the emotions that came up from listing and Pussy Prayers 50 reviewing every sexual experience I had ever had up to that point. Mostly, I felt anger and shame. Anger at being violated. Shame for willingly sharing my body with so many who did not treasure it the way it deserved to be treasured. It was almost as if my pussy knew that I was trying to heal my relationship with her. Like magic, I was led to books and people that would play major parts in understanding the way my traumas manifested in my body and in my life. From there, I was able to do the work it took to heal it once and for all. I realized that I was diagnosed PCOS and began rapidly gaining weight around the same time that I began repressing my abuse and having indiscriminate sex. I also realized that up to that point I had never been given an orgasm from these sexual encounters, no matter how hard I tried to concentrate Pussy Prayers 51 and make it happen. I knew that I had to process and heal emotionally and spiritually before I could heal physically. Again, the process was not a quick one. Instead, it took numerous years, repeating of mistakes, and greatly humbling moments for me to fully understand how to embrace my truest self and my natural power. First Steps There are a number of ways for you to begin your own clearing process and begin healing on every level. The first step is to determine how to connect with your pussy. Here\'92s a ritual that you can try: Find a quiet, safe place where you will be uninterrupted for a while. Make sure this space is comfortable for you to sit or lie Pussy Prayers 52 down. You can change the atmosphere if you\'92d like by lighting candles, burning incense, surrounding yourself with crystals, or anything else that feels appropriate. Close your eyes and direct your energy towards your pelvic area while you place your hands palms-down on your vulva. Breathe deep and make sure your body is relaxed. Begin to speak to your pussy, either out loud or in your mind. Say whatever feels natural to you, but state your intention to reconnect with and heal your body so that you can embrace your given power and experience pleasure at every level. After you state your intention, remain in the same position and just listen. Pay attention to what comes to mind, especially if these thoughts do not seem to be your own. This is your pussy communicating with you. Feel free to continue this conversation or to record Pussy Prayers 53 what comes to you in a journal. Continue this process of communicating with your pussy on the regular basis. You can ask her questions, apologize to her, express gratitude for her, or anything else that comes to you. Here, you are rebuilding the relationship. Notice any physical sensations that may happen in your pelvic area. You may feel pain or discomfort while you do this work. This is your pussy\'92s way of processing any negativity that may be lying stagnant there. As you continue this work, you should begin to feel more pleasant, turned-on, and empowered in your \'93prayers\'94 with your pussy. The more pleasure you feel, the more you can be sure that your connection with your pussy is becoming stronger. Pussy Prayers 54 Other methods of clearing the energy from your pussy use various tools and ingredients. Yoni eggs are one such tool that can help processing the energy around your pussy. These are egg-shaped crystals that can remove or infuse characteristics of the crystal. Yoni eggs are inserted into the vagina and left there at your discretion or until it decides to come down on its own. Eggs that are good for clearing and cleansing are stones like obsidian and rose quartz. Another method of cleansing is vaginal steaming. This is typically done by sitting over hot water with herbs and letting the steam enter your vagina, being careful not to burn yourself. Herbs that can be added to hot water for this purpose include calendula, red raspberry leaf, mugwort, rosemary, and basil. Do your research for the purposes of different herbs to craft a blend most beneficial to you. Pussy Prayers 55 Consistency and Intention The most important part of all of these rituals is consistency and intention. This is not a one-and-done type of deal. Develop a schedule for communicating and cleansing. Most people find a weekly practice is most convenient and beneficial. Maintain the sincere intention of reconnecting with your pussy. It is also important to begin paying close attention to your pussy. Now that you are working on your connection to your pussy, pay attention when something turns you on and when it turns you completely off. Pay attention to anything that makes you feel anxious or afraid. Pay attention to any symptoms that your pussy might be showing you \'96 burning, itching, odor, etc. All of these are your pussy\'92s way of Pussy Prayers 56 communicating with you. This is the start of you stepping into your power, taking control of your pleasure, staying away from anything that does not serve you and manifesting your truest desires. Your Pussy Wants What\'92s Best For You As you progress through this work, you may notice the loss of or extreme displeasure for certain people, places, and things. This is your pussy\'92s way of letting you know that these are not things that she likes. These are not things that are increasing your pleasure. To embark on this work means to strip away all that does not serve you for your highest good. Your pussy, your physical center of the sacred feminine wants the best for you and wants your full attention and commitment as you Pussy Prayers 57 embark on this journey. Your pussy desperately wants to reconnect with you and will manifest whatever situations and emotions it needs to in order for that to happen. I caution all those who are comfortable with their current situation and dislike change not to go through with this process. However, the fact that you are reading this makes me think that you are willing to make changes necessary to step into your divine pussy power. Tell Your Story, Own Your Truth The next step in your reclamation and reconnection is revealing the story that you have underlying the disconnect with your pussy. Understanding this story helps you to pinpoint exactly where certain habits started and give you a reference point for how to change that story. This Pussy Prayers 58 does not have to be long, and it might help to imagine telling the story from the perspective of your pussy. Using my own story as an example, I might write down the following: The attention that people gave me (the pussy) caused us to feel embarrassed and ashamed. Manifestations of trauma in our physical body have caused her to see me as an inconvenience and as broken. She has tried her best to avoid me unless she believes that allowing others access to me will bring the love and acceptance she has not yet learned to give herself. Unpacking this story is the start of understanding exactly what went wrong and where the disconnect happened. Pussy Prayers 59 Explore your relationship with your pussy and take as long as you need to fully understand all that has happened. It\'92s okay if you do not know where to start in healing these things. Unpacking them will happen over time with consistent effort and intention. Trust that your pussy wants to work with you to reconnect and heal. Trust that she wants the best for you and intuition and guidance that compels you is her way of guiding you on the right path. What Does Your Inner Child Need? Another way to begin rewriting your story is to imagine you are your younger self again. Whichever age comes to you, imagine that you can tell your young self exactly what she needed to hear at that Pussy Prayers 60 time. Write to her, sing to her, imagine hugging her, holding her, comforting her, whatever she needs. You may find that this reimagining may heal old, repressed emotional wounds that you have been carrying in your womb space for years. Express any emotions that come up for you any way you see fit. Cry, scream, write, or anything else that feels good in that moment. Intend to empty yourself so that you can begin to refill yourself with what you deserve. If you\'92d like to write down your negative emotions and then burn them as a representation of release and renewal, do that. Do not shame or criticize yourself for your emotions. Do not try to numb yourself or project your feelings onto people closest to you. Do not try to rationalize or logic your way out of feeling. Feel everything in your body Pussy Prayers 61 deeply and fully. You are healing and all is well. The point of all of this is that you must express your truth. You must express every feeling fully, no matter how painful or inconvenient, no matter how much it negates stereotypes of who you should be or how you should behave. Holding your truth back is what has gotten you to this place, so you must do something different to move past it and move back into the woman you were created to be. As you move through this work, check back in with the Pressure Points from Chapter one. Has anything changed? Why do think that is? Pussy Prayers 62 IV Juicy Juju \'93Juicy Juju\'94 is a phrase that I will use to describe the delicious state of being that we find ourselves in when we are fully connected to our pussy power. Hot and holy, regal and ratchet, sacred and secular, you can and should exist at the intersection of all things divine and feminine at all times, as this is where your power resides. This is the power to manifest, to create a life that brings you pleasure at every level. Pussy Prayers 63 Pussy Priestesses and Coochie Conjure Women This power is not unknown to us, as we witness it through women who are full of Juicy Juju all the time. Women like Eartha Kitt, Dorothy Dandridge, Ella Fitzgerald, Nina Simone, Diana Ross, Tina Turner, Jennifer Lewis, Taraji P. Henson, Janet Jackson, Erykah Badu, Beyonce, Rihanna, Cardi B, SZA, Lizzo, and so many more Pussy Priestesses, Coochie Conjure Women, Black women goddesses were and are unapologetic about embracing their power, and we get to witness their manifestations of abundance, love, and success in real time. These women are thrilled with themselves, bask in their own lusciousness, sexiness, beauty, basking in pleasure and juiciness, not waiting on anyone to allow them Pussy Prayers 64 permission to access their pleasure, belonging to themselves. That energy radiates out and attracts back to them the same. Why do we love them so much? Because they love themselves, they listen to themselves, they do what they want unapologetically. This is Juicy Juju, and this is the power that manifests worlds. Your Juju Is Uniquely Yours You may notice that any of the powerful and enchanting Black women you can think of may have very different temperaments, ways of being and expressing their Juicy Juju. For example, actress Lisa Bonet has a very different vibe than comedienne Mo\'92Nique. Neither is better or worse or more powerful than the other, they are simply different, and that\'92s okay. Do not feel like you need to Pussy Prayers 65 embody any stereotype of divine femininity. You might have a wise and womanly energy like Viola Davis, or you might have a fun, girlish energy like Tiffany Haddish. You may be quirky and quiet like Jhene Aiko, or bold and outspoken like Keke Palmer. The most important thing is that you are your truest self and that you feel powerful, turned on, and in tune with your power. The more you are experiencing pleasure, the better. Feel Yourself into Your Power Understand that this pleasure does not necessarily have to do with sex. You could be completely celibate and still experience pleasure. Your pleasure consists of how turned on you are by your surroundings, your experiences, and your very being. Yes, your main source of Pussy Prayers 66 pleasure is you. In the next chapter, you will learn exactly how to live in perpetual pleasure and manifest in co-creation with your feminine center. But first, let\'92s discuss more about pussy and the power of pleasure. This work cannot simply be read and understood. This work must be felt at every level, allowing to gauge the resonance and connection you have as your progress. Pay attention to the sensations your body is giving you as these are indicators of messages you need to \'93hear\'94. She will whisper, so you must listen closely. Ignoring these messages will put you at risk for the physical and emotional manifestations of repression and negativity. Identify when you tend to be most emotional (hint: it\'92s probably right before or during your menstrual cycle). This the time to tune into the messages Pussy Prayers 67 being sent your way, acknowledge them, express your emotions, and make any necessary changes lest you bubble up and burst all over the closest bystander. Your Menstrual Cycle This is your most powerful time as a woman. If you do not have a menstrual cycle, pay attention to how you feel around the full and new moons. During the times when you feel hyper-aware of everything, emotional, wanting to just be by yourself and reflect, then that is your spiritual \'93moon time\'94. Our natural processes do not end because we are without certain parts or experiences. Honor your feelings and desires during this time. You can download all kinds of information about you, your life, and how to move forward. Acknowledging these Pussy Prayers 68 messages is key. If you have a negative relationship with your menstrual cycle, begin by reclaiming this time a period (no pun intended) of immense closeness between you and the divine. Reflect on how you learned to relate to your menstrual cycle and write down that story so that you can begin to heal and change it. Get Into The Flow The more you acknowledge the messages your pussy has for you, the less you need outside forces to come to teach you hard lessons. The more confident you are in your connection with your pussy, the more you are able to maintain boundaries, take responsibility for yourself, and the less you care what people think of you. The more you give attention Pussy Prayers 69 to this sacred center of yourself, the easier it is to identify your passion and your purpose. Life does not have to be difficult and full of coping and climbing and striving and busyness and fear. Tapping into your pussy power means tapping into the flow. In flow, things you need come easily, ideas flow, passions are exciting and easy to tend to and purpose is easy to move into. Pussy Worship Throughout the Ages The power of the pussy is not new. For tens of thousands of years, civilizations all over the world worshipped figures of women with large breasts and large hips. Festivals and ceremonies were dedicated to the magic and mysteries of the pussy. Paintings of pussies can be Pussy Prayers 70 found on cave walls and allusions to the pussy are pervasive throughout classic art. The pussy was sacred because it brought forth life. Pussy represented creative power. Pussy sustained the world. Of course, patriarchy couldn\'92t bear to see women wield all this power and thus began the narrative that people with pussies were weaker, less capable, erratic, and unpredictable. This conditioning has led us to find fault with our bodies, to do everything we can to make our bodies more attractive to men, never learning that simply having a pussy and relishing that power makes us irresistible to anyone blessed to cross our path. Treat Yourself Like Holy Ground We are created to create, to manifest. We are the gatekeepers, the alchemists, Pussy Prayers 71 divinely designed to turn nonphysical into the physical. We are holy, sacred spaces in and of ourselves. That said, think about the reverence and care you take with holy places and objects. Think about how delicately and lovingly you work with sacred tools and spiritual guides. This same veneration must be given to ourselves. The same way you may supplicate deities with the things that delight them, so you must also supplicate yourself with the things that delight you. Allowing yourself to revel in your creativity and your desires are what manifests pleasure. This is the ultimate power of pussy. This is your Juicy Juju. Pussy Prayers 72 What can your Juicy Juju do for you? Just because this is pussy power does not mean that you can only use it for sexual desires. Your Juicy Juju can bring you the lover you dreamed of, the job you desire, or the money you need, no sexual favors required. Juicy Juju will lead you towards the people, places, and things that will provide solutions for perceived problems. If you want to be healthier, Juicy Juju can direct your steps. If you\'92re dealing with an unsavory individual, Juicy Juju can show you the way to separate yourself from that person. Juicy Juju will tell you what to do for yourself, your family, your children, and your friends, for the highest good of all involved. Juicy Juju is listening to that inner knowing that says, \'93stay inside, don\'92t go Pussy Prayers 73 out\'94 that unbeknownst to you may be keeping you away from bad traffic or car accidents. Juicy Juju is listening to the inner knowing that says, \'93get out of this relationship\'94 or \'93I cannot bear another day at this job\'94 or \'93do not allow this person into your house or around your children.\'94 If you feel it, if you hear it, believe it. Your pussy only wants the best for you and the people who love you, because you thrive on pleasure. The more pleasure you have, the more powerful you are, and the stronger your juju. Juicy Juju acts as our personal divination and reminds us that we are in control, we direct our steps, and we create what we desire. Pussy Prayers 74 V Living Juicy: Everyday Deliciousness Once you have done the work of clearing out the negativity, stagnation, trauma, and other energies in your pussy that have not allowed you to hear her voice and walk in pleasure, you must engage in the work of filling yourself up with the pleasure you deserve. Remember, more pleasure, more power. Understand that you are a place on Earth for the divine to reside, a walking, talking, living temple. The same way a church must be kept and maintained is the same way that you must Pussy Prayers 75 care for yourself. Self-care is a divine responsibility and the key to living a juicy, delicious life. Do not allow worldly obligations and patriarchal influences to make you neglect yourself. Make the commitment to yourself to regularly engage in your pleasure. Treat yourself like the goddess you are. Remind yourself that you deserve positive attention and you deserve for time to be made for you. Everything Ain\'92t Always Love and Light Please note that this effort does not mean that you have to be happy, shiny, love and light at all times. If that is not truly how you feel, then that is not pleasure. Pleasure lies in going with the flow of your emotions. If you are angry, it might feel really good to scream or throw Pussy Prayers 76 something (safely, of course). That is still pleasure. If you are sad, listening to emotional music in the dark by yourself can make you feel understood and acknowledged. This is still pleasure. Honor how you truly feel. Trust that your pussy is guiding you to ultimate pleasure, even if it may seem like you are experiencing loss. In order for you to have everything you desire and everything that is intended for your highest good, you must be okay with releasing that which does not serve you, things you are clinging to but are not good for, and things that you do not really want but have held on to anyway. Allow yourself to move through your emotions. Grieve, feel deeply, as this is our divine right and natural ability. This is not an exercise in perfection. We contain multitudes and we deserve to embody all Pussy Prayers 77 aspects of ourselves. You are on the path to being the woman you were created to be. Pleasure Rituals This chapter will outline a number of rituals that you can adopt to aid in your self-care practice, increase your pleasure, and increase your Juicy Juju. They are not in any particular order, and you can choose any combination of these that feel good to you. Remember, if it doesn\'92t feel good, don\'92t do it. Also, remember that these are not one-and-done rituals. They are also not rigid in that they have to be followed exactly as written. They are intentionally brief so that you may change them to suit you. By no means is this list exhaustive and you should create your Pussy Prayers 78 own pleasure rituals that are meaningful to you. Consistency and intention are key. Morning Ritual Establish a morning practice that you can move into naturally after waking. This practice should not be something that you dread but something to look forward to and starts your day in such a way that you move through the world fully in tune with your Goddess-self. The more in tune with your pleasure you are, the more every other aspect of your life will be pleasurable. Check in with your body and determine how each part of your body feels. Are you in any pain or discomfort? Place your hands on any part of the body does not feel well. Lean into the discomfort and ask your pussy what might be the reason behind it. What is the Pussy Prayers 79 discomfort trying to tell you and what do you need to do to heal so that you can return to your natural state of pleasure? Listen to and record whatever comes up. Follow this by speaking healing and wellness over your body while you lay hands on the parts of yourself that need it. Create sacred space should also be part of your morning ritual. Clean, listen to music, burn incense, light candles, use singing bowls, hold crystals, or anything else that is pleasurable and stimulating to your senses. You should be feeling at ease, maybe even a little giddy or aroused by this sensual practice. This is going to set the tone for the day. Make it meaningful to you. Engage in some kind of movement to get the energy flowing through your body. If working out in the gym or doing aerobic exercises feels good to you, then do that. If Pussy Prayers 80 not, don\'92t do it. Choose dance or yoga or jumping on a trampoline, anything that is going to be pleasurable to you. You may choose to begin your day with affirmations. Speak over yourself with intentions for your life, your day, your work, or anything else you have coming up that day. Acknowledge the blessings that have manifested in your life and meditate in gratitude for them. Acknowledge the seemingly negative events in your life and be grateful for those as well, as everything is for your highest good. Learn What You Love Learn what you love and leave what you don\'92t. Throughout your life, get rid of anything that\'92s been annoying or stressful to you. In all of your choices, determine Pussy Prayers 81 what will bring you the most pleasure and go wholeheartedly after that. What you believe will bring you pleasure may change and adjust along the way and that\'92s okay. The point is to practice allowing yourself to be led by your pussy and bring the most pleasure into your life. Do not compromise on your pleasure. Your pussy remembers who you are and who\'92ve you been across reincarnations. Your pussy may delight in opulence, outrageousness, and extra. Go with it. Remember, your pleasure is your power. Super Beauty Feeling sensual and beautiful is one of the most pleasurable parts of being a woman. Understand that the way that you show up in the world can literally change the spaces you enter. Think about how Pussy Prayers 82 much power you command over a room when people notice your beauty, smell the fragrance you\'92re wearing, hear the sweetness and timbre of your voice. Invoke the senses and remind people that Goddess is in the room! There are a number of ways to manifest more beauty and pleasure in yourself. Take special care in your bathing rituals, using only the most enticing scents and products. As you bathe and moisturize your skin, speak over your products and over your body with your intentions for radiance, beauty, and pleasure. Remember, these practices should delight and excite you. When getting dressed, wear the clothes that make you feel your best. Adorn your body with accessories like body chains and waist beads that remind you of your sensuality. Wear makeup if it Pussy Prayers 83 excites you to enhance your natural beauty this way. Any way that you choose to present yourself to the world is for your pleasure. Do not forget to cleanse and adorn your pussy along with the rest of your body. If you feel the need to use products, use mild, natural cleansers specifically formulated for your pussy. Use your hands instead of your washcloth to work the cleanser in and around your vulva and outer vaginal area, the places where sweat, lint, and other things can accumulate. Rinse well, then moisturize your pussy with a natural oil like coconut oil or a blend of natural oils specifically formulated for your pussy. Stay away from unnatural scents and products for your pussy. If you remove hair from your pussy, you must be diligent about caring for the skin there. You can treat your Pussy Prayers 84 pussy to \'93facials\'94 the same way you would with your face in order to soothe and tone the skin on the vulva. The best products to use should be plant-based or from the earth (like clay), made with herbs and ingredients you recognize. Wear cotton panties if you choose (at the very least make sure the panties you wear have cotton in the pussy area) and be sure to let your pussy breathe as much as possible, so don\'92t wear those panties to bed. Beauty in beauty out. If you want to maintain your external beauty, your internal self needs attention as well. Drink plenty of water, teas, and natural juices to keep your skin and organs hydrated. Eat juicy fruits and vegetables for all the necessary nutrients. Make sure you are using the bathroom as much as you are eating and drinking. Waste inside your Pussy Prayers 85 body can manifest as odor, illness, and blemishes on the skin. Sex Magic and Manifesting Your sexual energy is some of the most powerful energy in the universe. This is the energy that creates worlds. You can use this energy to attract and manifest everything that you desire. Tapping into this sexual pleasure at any point in the day or in any situation will give you that much more confidence and power. You should be walking around aroused by yourself at any given moment. If you want to attract and influence certain people, dip into your pussy and dab some of your juicy essence behind your ears or on the places where you would typically put perfume. People will be enamored with you everywhere you go. Pussy Prayers 86 If you like to feel like you have a little secret that no one knows, go without panties or in your fanciest lingerie under your clothes for no other reason than your own pleasure. During masturbation, before or after orgasm, visualize what you want to manifest and let the sexual energy you have bring forth your desires. If you really want to challenge yourself, when you are at your peak state of turn-on, use that arousal to create something physical. Work on a project you\'92ve only been thinking of, paint, write, sing, whatever has been yearning to be birthed from you. Surround yourself with male energy or male-dominated spaces every now and then to remind yourself of what your sexuality and feminine energy feels like and see what arises in you. Consider how often you sit with your thighs locked together because you learned Pussy Prayers 87 in childhood that \'93ladies sit with their legs closed.\'94 If your pussy is your manifestation portal and you consistently keep it constricted and closed off, what do you think that does to your ability to manifest? Practice keeping your legs uncrossed (maintaining modesty as much as you desire) and affirming to your pussy that you are open to allowing your manifestations to be birthed through you. In all of these rituals, remember that whatever you think about will manifest in your body and in your physical experience, so think carefully and immediately turn away from negative or defeating thoughts. Tell a new story. Rewrite Your Story Because you have identified your old story full of trauma and negativity, you Pussy Prayers 88 can clear that out and prepare a new story for yourself. Allow yourself to be rebirthed through this story. Write your new story to include what you would love to be true about you. Read this to yourself each day and whenever you feel yourself moving back towards your old negative story. Visualize your highest self, the self you want to present to the world. Manifest this story into being. If you can conceive it, it is already true. Powerful Connections Make a daily habit of engaging and activating your breasts, booty, hips, thighs, and all the other sensitive parts of you. You may massage them or stimulate them as you see fit. Pinch your own nipples. Smack your own ass. Get used to feeling your body in a state of arousal and turn-on, Pussy Prayers 89 as this is your natural state of being. The power that comes from your pleasure is the power that manifests your desires. Pussy Decisions When you have to decide something or are wondering what you should do to remain in your power and on the path to pleasure, ask your pussy. Greet her, praise her, lay hands on her and simply ask what it is you\'92re thinking about. Listen to her and remember what comes up. Follow her lead. It could be as simple as what you should eat or what you should wear, or as complex as if you should stay in your current home or choose a certain job. Allow your pussy to remind you to be bold. Let pleasure guide you. Pussy Prayers 90 Cleaning Your Castle Make sure that your living space is pleasant to you. Anything that is unpleasant to you, remove it or change it as much as possible. It should bring your pleasure and comfort to step into your space, not anxiety or shame. Organize, decorate, clean, and arrange in the ways that feel good to you. Clean out your closets and drawers and only leave the clothes and shoes that make you feel best, even your underwear and your loungearound-the-house clothes. Open cabinets and drawers and make sure they are organized in a way that makes it easy and pleasant to get what you need. This is your external sacred space and should be cared for as such. Brag On Your Pussy Pussy Prayers 91 Celebrate the marvelous things you\'92ve been able to manifest, things you have in your life that you love, and the things that go well and easily for you. Give gratitude for these things and the things that may not have been positive but have ultimately worked out in your favor. Talk about what you want and tell people what you desire. Your true friends and people who care for you will revel in your pleasure with you. These friends will also allow you feel all of your feelings instead of insisting that you cheer up. Your truest supporters are not inconvenienced or intimidated by your multitudes. If this does not describe the people in your life, then this is your pussy\'92s way of letting you know these are not your people. After you have determined your selfcare practices and begun to tap into your Pussy Prayers 92 pussy power, check in with your pressure points to see if anything has changed from the beginning of your journey or from the last time you checked in. Pussy Prayers 93 VI Keeping Company While this book is mostly about you and your own connection to your pussy, you will more than likely find yourself sharing your pussy with another person. It is important to maintain the same principles even when you are partnered. When someone is attracted to you, it can be attributed to the energy you are putting forth. When we choose to partner, we choose people who we are mutually attracted to. Individual energies recognize each other and desire to merge and Pussy Prayers 94 expand. It is important to remember that if you are not fully standing in your feminine power, if you still deal with many insecurities or are not sure of your worth, you may attract energies and become attached to energies that have not come to stay forever but have come to break you open and heal you so that you are prepared for your long-term partner. Be sure that if your energies are aligned with another person, you understand the purpose of the relationship before you set yourself up for disappointment. We are not meant to give everything up and give all of ourselves away to a partner. When we are trying to remain aligned with a person and not with our pleasure, we end up with people whom we probably need to separate from but are trying desperately to latch on to and keep. We think that we have to sacrifice Pussy Prayers 95 ourselves for someone else\'92s pleasure. That is false and that does not increase our power. A divine relationship should amplify your Juicy Juju, not diminish it. Because you are connected to your pleasure and committed to self-care, your juju is on and popping before a partner even comes into the picture. Thus, any pleasure that comes from your partner is only an enhancement. We cannot expect to be refilled and refueled with a partner. A relationship is not going to suddenly make all of our dreams come true. Nothing outside of yourself can bring forth your desires, and hoping that another person does that for you is a gamble at best and a tragedy at worst. Your own desires and following your pleasure will lead you to the most fulfilling relationships, even if they don\'92t look the way you expected. Allow your Pussy Prayers 96 relationships to look the way that is most pleasurable to you, regardless of societal norms. Allow these desires to change as they will and adjust accordingly. Trust that as your desires change, your environment will accommodate to your pleasure. Do not be afraid to release what no longer pleases you. Relationship Pleasure You may decide that being monogamous does not bring you pleasure. You may decide that you do not want a committed relationship, but to engage romantically and sexually with an individual when you feel like it. There are no limits on the ways in which your pleasure can express itself with another person or people. It is perfectly within your right to choose the way that you Pussy Prayers 97 engage with others. However, being led by your pleasure does not mean that you ignore the wellbeing of the people in your life. While your pleasure is priority, it is only right to allow another person\'92s pleasure to be their priority as well. When you all no longer align, be okay with letting each other go in search of what feels best to you. Allow people to option of choosing to go on your journey with you or going their own way. Take into account any expectations or agreements that it was formerly your pleasure to accept and adhere to. If that is no longer the case, speak up. Even if you fear an impending separation from someone you love, understand that you are on a path to your highest good, and anyone or anything that is meant to be with you on that path will be there, and anyone or anything that Pussy Prayers 98 is not will fall away. Trust your pussy, she won\'92t lead you astray. Being led by your pleasure does not mean that you disregard any partner or lover that you engage with. Part of your pleasure should be honoring your partner and their pleasure as well as your own. As you engage with a partner sexually, let go of your ideas of what sex is supposed to be, what it is supposed to look like, how long it is supposed to last, etc. The only person that should determine what your sex should be like is you. Learn Yourself First The first step in preparing to own your pleasure in partnered sexual encounters is to make sure that you know what pleasures you. You cannot expect for your partner to come to you already Pussy Prayers 99 knowing the best ways to pleasure you. They must be taught, which means you must be the expert on your body we before engaging with another person. The best way to make sure you know what you like and dislike is to explore on your own. Learn what your pussy looks like, where things are, and what they feel like. Get to know and appreciate your scent and even your flavor. Explore your body and notice sensations in different parts of you. Notice what brings you immense pleasure and what does nothing for you. Notice any emotional changes you feel as you stimulate different parts of your body. Get to the bottom of these feelings. Are the positive or negative? Are they blissful or shameful? Working through these emotions is important, so do not skip over this if it comes up for you. If you have been affected by sexual violence and has Pussy Prayers 100 disassociated from your pussy, you may feel anxiety or tension during these exercises. This is a time to get reacquainted. Mirror work can help you with this. Using a hand mirror or sitting in front of a full-length mirror, look at your pussy. Recall your power and your right to pleasure back to you. Ask to be shown what you need to see and do in order to restore your power back to you so that you can truly heal and return to pleasure. Intend to return negativity and shame to the person it belongs to. This energy is not yours to hold. On Orgasm As you learn yourself, you should also learn what brings you to orgasm. Pussy Prayers 101 Orgasm is our birthright. It is what our pussies are designed to do. Learning your body helps you to learn what brings you to orgasm so that you can explain it to a partner and they can bring you the place of overwhelming pleasure. If you have trouble having orgasm on your own, do not seek the orgasm as the goal. Instead, seek the best feeling touch and sensation, and try to stay in that pleasure as long as possible. Relax into your body and trust it to perform the way it was meant to perform. If you are feeling stuck or find yourself too often in your mind worried about why you can\'92t seem to orgasm, return to your pussy prayers, laying hands on your pussy and communicating with her. See what she has to say to you. Ask her what you can do for her. Maintain this confidence in your ability as you engage with a partner. Trust your body and do not Pussy Prayers 102 set out toward any goal other than simply feeling pleasure. Partners in Sex Sex should only happen in true intimacy, honesty, and trust. If you do not feel safe you will manifest symptoms of danger. Sex can be medicine or poison. The best exchanges should be healing and full of pleasure. Giving and receiving pleasure is holy. This energy can and will amplify your manifestations. Beware, though, you can manifest with anyone you engage sexually with. Be sure that the person you engage with is a person you trust to \'93hold\'94 your desires and help you to birth them, and vice versa. If you wouldn\'92t have their child, think very seriously about engaging sexually with this individual, and use the clearing Pussy Prayers 103 techniques that you learned previously to clear any negative energy that might linger and gestate in your womb space after such an encounter. Before sexual encounters, affirm that sex will be healing and pleasurable. Repeat it to yourself and feel it in your body. Believe that you are in control of your pleasure and that your partner simply amplifies that pleasure. In return, you should learn and take pride in providing pleasure for your partner. Cultivate your sexual ability and repertoire for your own and your partner\'92s ultimate pleasure. It should please you to be of service to your partner, both within and outside of the realm of sex, and vice versa. Ask them what they need and how you can provide it. This is a divine privilege to manifest for the highest good of others. Pussy Prayers 104 VII Conclusion It is my prayer that this book helps you to revitalize the relationship you have with your pussy and start you down the path of never-ending pleasure. I hope that this book sparks conversation amongst girlfriends and sister circles, making it commonplace to discuss sexuality, emotions, desires, and anything else. Remember that it is your divine responsibility to care for yourself, honor yourself, step into your power and allow pleasure to fill every aspect of your life. I Pussy Prayers 105 hope that after reading this, you can step forward in the world as a model of unapologetic femininity and have the confidence to be a sacred space in a world that does not believe that women should have such power. I hope that you pass this knowledge down to your daughters so that they can continue in their divine birthright. History has taught us shame and to find fault with our bodies. Now that you know how to write a new story and create a new reality, I challenge you to create a new history, so that when your greatgranddaughters describe that ways in which they came into their womanhood, they describe an empowering and sacred experience. May you and your maternal lineage always be beacons of love and divinity and always remember how to manifest their highest and deepest desires. Pussy Prayers 106 I hope that you see your womanhood differently after reading this book. I hope that you found resonance, relief, and much-needed laughter around topics that can often be heavy, traumatic, or depressing. Remember, we are sisters, creators, magical juju mamas entitled to \'96 literally wired for \'96 pleasure, acceptance, forgiveness, stability, discernment, safety, confidence, clarity, connection, truth, freedom, and more are your gifted to you through your divinity. We must pass our knowledge along to other women. You found and read this book for a reason. If you did not believe it before, I hope that you understand that nothing you have experienced have negated your holiness, that everything you seek is within you, and that you have learned how to feel deeply, heal, and Pussy Prayers 107 curate and cultivate pleasure in every aspect of your life.}